If you are reading this, that's a git hygiene fail. It's not intended to be coherent to anyone but me.
These experiments serve to implement the advice of Tim Cook (former VP of Engineering Target),
when I was talking to him about the problem of making a text adventure engine. He tels me what I need
to do: make several text adventures, and then I'll see the generalation. That's how I find the dsl.
I already know that this dsl has types but one thing I want to discover here is all of them, as 
now I only have some. Other discoveries? I'll let you know later.
So to fulfill this in a timely manner, I will implement each kind of text
adventure puzzle, as defined by (source), there about five.

By implementing these five, I think that will be sufficient to discover the
abstraction.

Starting with: Operation Magnetic Scrolls

In the 80's, before decent graphics could have the nessecary hardware support,
there were the "parser wars" in the text adventure space. The top contenders
for the crown? Infocom and Magnetic Scrolls. Magentic Scrolls won by leveraging the
Earley Algorithm, to suceed in parsing "plant the pot plant in the plant pot with the trowel"
And so we shall celebrate their righteous victory by using this challenge as number one.

Number 2: Mission Code Name: Babel Fish
I spent the summer of '85 trying to stick a babel fish in my ear.
That's because I was enthralled by both infocom games in general, and Infocom's 
then recent release of "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy".
Because Douglass-Fucking-Adams. But also, Steve-Fucking-Meresky, the genius that
gave us "Leather Goddesses of Phobos" and "Planetfall". I was desperate enough
to offer a bounty to anyone who could help me solve it, but too cheap to
buy the cheat sheet infocom sold for ten bucks. I finally figured it out,
because I'm a smart boy. And I think I either discovered a mechanism or
validated a mechanism to accommodate such a puzzle.

Number Three: Fucking Andrew Plotikin, Motherfuckers
So this guy is a luminary among Interactive Fiction nerds. Creator of 
Spider and Fly and Haedan Lands, among many others. I'm not sure what,
exactly, but there's something about Haedan Lands that I need to capture.

Number Four: Fucking Andrew Plotikin, Motherfuckers: Part Two
Also spider and fly, maybe specifically the use of a ticker,
and how he implements a help system. Fucking genius, this guy.

Number Five I need to research, but it's fucking cool.

Operation Magnetic Scrolls
player is prompted by opening text to look at the plant pot

player types "look at pot" or "look at plot plant".
game parses sentence and grabs "pot". in the location there is a map
of objects in that location to actions. in "pot"'s map, we look up the
action in the value. That action updates DisplayF with a description of the pot
that also prompts reading the inscription.

player types "read inscription", we do similar process , this time prompting the
player to go get the soil in the cabinet under the shelf. That cabinet is locked.

player types "open cabinet". when doing the search for the action, that would prompt an action
to update DisplayF "the cabinet is locked".

player eventually finds the key, and types "unlock cabinet with key"
Game then find the action for cbinet's "unlock action. This acrion changes the 
action for "open cabinet" to succeed. The open cabinet's action chnges the get 
action for the bag of soil inside, and the look action for cabinet.

the look ation for cabinet gives a "shallow look" into the cabinet. 
the get action for bag puts the 
for the cabinet.
